Light Freshness Edit: ASP.NET - migration & tutorials (#37136)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/getting-started-with-NSwag.md

* The ability to utilize the Swagger UI and Swagger generator.
* Flexible code generation capabilities.

> With NSwag, you don't need an existing API&mdash;you can use partner APIs that incorporate Swagger and generate a client implementation. NSwag allows you to expedite the development cycle and easily adapt to API changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With NSwag, you don't need an existing API&mdash;you can use third-party APIs that incorporate Swagger and generate a client implementation. NSwag allows you to expedite the development cycle and easily adapt to API changes.
```
 "Third-party" is the correct technical term. "Partner" implies a specific business relationship that doesn't apply here.

---

> Enabling XML comments provides debug information for undocumented public types and members. The warning message indicates documented types and members. For example, the following message indicates a violation of warning code 1591:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling XML comments provides debug information for undocumented public types and members. Undocumented types and members are indicated by the warning message. For example, the following message indicates a violation of warning code 1591:
```
It was changed to the opposite of what CS1591 does:  It actually warns about undocumented members.
